Nine thousand suns ago, during the Sixth age of war, the world was filled with war that spread as deep as a knife being plunged into a man’s back. A war so great, that hope turned to dust, and that dust withered away to nothingness. For ten thousand years, hope was destroyed in the minds of men. Some turned to madness, others joined the dark hands of the evil that lived in the mountains north of Galoroid: The ancient ruins of Arana, where they stayed hidden even to this very day. Alas, days became months, months become years, and years became decades. Then, during the final years of the great war, hope shines anew. 

It was here that it started, a king slays another king, and the war raged into a burning fire like never before. The final kingdoms to survive,  the Relens of Relend, and the Galiens of Galared were like none other. They were lead by an ancient group of warriors, so ancient, some even dare admit they existed even during the third age of Discovery

Fighting like fierce dragons just as it was meant to be. five in each kingdom, each leading an army of a million.  Fighting on the barren and untouched plains in the west, the war would have never been over. But that was before the birth of Edverd, son of Erik, the king of Galared. The young boy had a fierce heart, that soon grew into a heart of resilience, and soon pain… With the death of his father, at the hands of a Warlord of Relend. The young prince soon grew vengeful, so much so that he assembled an army as large as the the entire kingdom itself, and made way for Relend, to finally defeat his mortal enemies, and avenge his king’s death. Alas, his bravery was his downfall. The Galiens suffered many losses, and the now, new king was forced to return, ashamed of his crime of failure. But the gods watched over his heart with all their eyes. It was said that while the remaining armies of Galared returned, their king did not. King Edverd left his realm, in search of a prophecy that he believed to be true. His last remaining hope in this barren land. He rode for the great mountain of Aairah, and climbed it’s hundred thousand steps. What he saw inside, it shun a light as bright as the Sun in his tired eyes. Beasts as large as entire houses, with bodies of giant lizards, and the wings of a bat. Edverd gazed at them, he had only heard of their existence through legends from the fourth age of Annihilation, which ended in the many legendary beasts dying out, vanishing from the world for ten thousand years. Edverd stared at the towering walls, and  written on them  was the very same ancient prophecy that foretold the end.  

The mighty beasts, who called themselves Dragons stated that they would help unify Galoroid under a single banner, but first Edverd must go to Relend, and seek the help of the Warlord Princess, Anithia, daughter of King Arelim. And so it was set. The mighty king drew his long sword, and took the elder dragon, known as Salazere, and they rode into Relend to welcome the return of beasts from the third Age of Discovery. Some say, it was Edverd’ might for this was to end that brought peace, others say it was his lust for Anithia, of which he learned during the Seventh battle of Relend. Whatever was the case, they fought against one another, with accounts of the king having slayed ten thousand of Anitha's men. But then, the truth finally dawned upon them just as the sun dawns every day. The Relens, and the Galiens had forgotten, after thousands of years of war, for whom they were fighting for. They had forgotten the very reason for this great war, but now with the return of the Dragons of old, their eyes finally opened from their terrible sleep. The sky grew dark and cold, and with it, the true war had begun. 

The fourth age of Peace did not end with a rivalry between the many kingdoms, or even hate. No, it ended with deceit. With lies. The fifth age of Annihilation did not start with the hunting of legendary beasts brought upon by the kingdoms. No, it was all lies. A terrible evil told the many kingdoms of the false treachery the others had done: Slay the legendary beasts of old. The fourth age of Peace ended with hate, and during the thousand years of the fourth age of Annihilation, the beasts had all disappeared into the shadows of death. Once the two last kingdoms learned about this horrific truth, that they were both deceived into this war, they finally united against that same evil that brought upon death to Galaoird. The Ten Warlords of Galaoid, after many years of war, had finally reunited. For ten long years, villages burnt to ash, the skies became as dark as night, and the true evil grew in his army. 

Now, during the final year of the Sixth Age, Edverd and Anithia joined hands, and led the final charge for hope. Some say there were at least two million strong men ready for their deaths. It was said that Edverd himself, along with Anithia stood in front of their united armies, leading their people against darkness. Through the battle, hundreds of thousands had perished, but the ten Warlords reigned supreme. Legend has it, they had each defeated a hundred thousand of the evil’s men, some say that Edverd himself slew even a million. And now, in the end of this mighty war, stood the evil they had all been deceived of. Standing high on his mighty throne, he stared down at the Warlords, and drew his mighty Sword. Some say it was cursed by a higher evil, yet it would not matter, for the new King drew him own, and with all his might stood up against the Evil, and with his remaining life force, stabbed the dark force until he toppled against the cold, dirt ground. And with his final breath, he whispered “This age shall become only legend, mortal. Legends shall become nothing, but tainted memories of crazed men”. And with that, the ten thousand year war was over. 

King Edverd and Princess Anithia wed, and soon, with King Arelim’s death, a new Age started, the Seventh age of Unification, and with that they forged a new kingdom, a new city that will forever be known as Adoreithien was born, ruled by King Edverd LXV the Uniter, and his wife, Queen Anithia XXII the Elegant, and soon, their first born: King Salazere the First. 
